feat(issues): Update saved search documentation and issue page screenshots (#5768)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/saved-searches.mdx

title: Saved Searches
sidebar_order: 20
keywords: ["saved search", "premade searches"]
description: "Learn more about default, recommended, and saved searches."
---

> Sentry allows you to save searches you've made on the **Issues** page, either for yourself or for your entire organization. You can access these in the "Saved Searches" sidebar by clicking the "Saved Searches" button at the top right of the page.

Reviewer: Feeling more strongly about this. I think we should avoid saying out of the gate for you or your entire org because I don't want to set up an expectation that's not going to apply to a lot of users.

```suggestion
Sentry allows you to save searches you've made on the **Issues** page. You can access these in the "Saved Searches" sidebar by clicking the "Saved Searches" button at the top right of the page.
```

![Saved searches button located in the issues page.](search-saved-searches-button.png)

## Recommended Searches

Recommended searches are common search terms that we think you're likely to use. These premade searches are listed under "Recommended Searches" in the "Saved Searches" sidebar.

![Recommended searches section in the saved searches sidebar.](search-recommended.png)

## Custom Saved Searches

> You can create your own saved searches, which you can make visible to just you, or to your entire organization (if you are an organization owner or manager). These saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.

Reviewer: I want to be more explicit about the fact that we're talking to two different sets of "you" here--members who are owners/managers and members who aren't. If you're anything besides an owner/manager, your saved searches are only visible to you and can't be made visible to anyone else so let's be really clear about that.

```suggestion
Organization members in all roles can create their own saved searches. These searches are only visible to the person who created them and apply to all their projects. If you're an organization owner or manager, you have the option to make your saved searches visible only to yourself or to your entire organization. Organization-wide saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.
```

Author: Agree, big improvement here! Much harder to misinterpret

> Organization members in all roles can create their own saved searches. These searches are only visible to the person who created them and apply to all their projects. If you're an organization owner or manager, you have the option to make your saved searches visible only to yourself or to your entire organization. Organization-wide saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization users in all roles can create their own saved searches. These searches are only visible to the person who created them and apply to all their projects. If you're an organization owner or manager, you have the option to make your saved searches visible only to yourself or to your entire organization. Organization-wide saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.
```

1. If the saved searches sidebar is not visible, click "Saved Searches" to open it. Then click the create button.

   ![Cursor mousing over Create Saved Search in the saved searches sidebar.](search-add-saved-search-step-one.png)

2. In the modal that opens, name the search and set query and sort order. If you're an organization owner or manager, you'll also have the option to make the search visible to all users in your organization. Then click "Save".

   ![Modal for naming and setting sort order of search.](search-add-saved-search-step-two.png)

3. The new search will be added to the "Saved Searches" sidebar. Click the name of the search to apply it.

   ![Saved search in the dropdown.](search-add-saved-search-step-three.png)

## Edit or Delete a Saved Search

> You can edit or delete any of your personal saved searches, as well as organization-wide searches if you're an organization owner or manager. To do so, hover over the entry in the sidebar and open the context menu (three dots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit or delete any of your personal saved searches, as well as organization-wide searches if you're an organization owner or manager. To do so, hover over the entry in the sidebar and open the context menu (three dots) to access the "Delete" button.
```

title: Saved Searches
sidebar_order: 20
keywords: ["saved search", "premade searches"]
description: "Learn more about default, recommended, and saved searches."
---

> Sentry allows you to save searches that you find most useful, either for yourself or for your entire organization.

Reviewer: We want to tell people immediately that this only applies to the Issues page since this page isn't in the Issues section of our docs. Also avoiding passive voice in that second sentence. 

I'm also wondering if we need to introduce either here or in the intro of the custom section that the ability to make these org-wide is restricted to owners and managers. 

```suggestion
Sentry allows you to save searches you've made on the **Issues** page, either for yourself or for your entire organization. You can access these in the "Saved Searches" sidebar by clicking the "Saved Searches" button at the top right of the page.

```

> ## Saved Searches

Reviewer: We don't need this heading since the whole page is about saved searches. We can just go straight from the intro sentence into telling people how to access it.
```suggestion
```

> The Saved Searches sidebar may be accessed by clicking the "Saved Searches" button at the top right of the **Issues** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Saved searches button located in the issues page.](search-saved-searches-button.png)

> ### Recommended Searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Recommended Searches
```

Recommended searches are common search terms that we think you're likely to use. These premade searches are listed under "Recommended Searches" in the "Saved Searches" sidebar.

![Recommended searches section in the saved searches sidebar.](search-recommended.png)

> ### Custom Saved Searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Saved Searches
```

> In addition, you may create your own saved searches. These searches may be visible to just your, or your entire organization. These saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own saved searches, which you can make visible to just you, or to your entire organization. These saved searches are not associated with a specific project, but with all projects across the organization.
```

1. If the saved searches sidebar is not visible, click "Saved Searches" to open it. Then click the create button.

   ![Cursor mousing over Create Saved Search in the saved searches sidebar.](search-add-saved-search-step-one.png)

> 2. In the modal that opens, name the search and set query and sort order. If you are an organization owner or manager, you will also have the option to make the search visible to all users in your organization. Then click "Save".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the modal that opens, name the search and set query and sort order. If you're an organization owner or manager, you'll also have the option to make the search visible to all users in your organization. Then click "Save".
```

   ![Modal for naming and setting sort order of search.](search-add-saved-search-step-two.png)

3. The new search will be added to the saved searches sidebar. You may click the entry apply it.

   ![Saved search in the dropdown.](search-add-saved-search-step-three.png)

> ### Editing or Deleting a Saved Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit or Delete a Saved Search
```

You may edit or delete any of your personal saved searches, as well as organization-wide searches if you are an organization owner or manager. To do so, hover over the entry in the sidebar and open the overflow menu.

![A saved search with an open overflow menu with edit and delete options](search-saved-search-edit-delete.png)

> ## Default Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set a Default Search
```

> You can set a search as the default view you see on the **Issues** page. The default search is visible only to you and is relevant across your projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a search query as the default view you see on the **Issues** page. The default search is only visible to you and is applied across your projects.
```

> 1. Type search terms into the search bar, or select a saved search from the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter search terms into the search bar, or select a saved search from the sidebar.
```

2. Click the "Set as Default" button located in the header.

   ![Cursor mousing over the "Set as Default" button.](search-default-step-two.png)

> 3. Once defaulted, Sentry will name the search "My Default Search" and return to it whenever you navigate to the **Issues** page.

Reviewer: This is less a step and more a result, so I've removed the number.
```suggestion
Once defaulted, Sentry will name the search "My Default Search" and return to it whenever you navigate to the **Issues** page.
```
